# Cloud Quest

##Objective:
Solve the first 3 levels of Cloud Quest.

##Level 1: Beach Task
1. Sign in using our AWS ID
2. Next we will get a assignment regarding Beach task
3. Then they will give us the instructions regarding the task
4. Now they will instruct us to open a AWS console in which are task will be virtually executed
5. Search website bucket from the console and open its contents
6. Now we will be able to see the file names and its types
7. Rename textfile into error.html
8. Now go to the permission tab and ensure whether the block public access is disabled
9. Now go to the properties tab then choose static web hosting make sure that it is enabled.
10. Copy the website link
11. Now go to the DIY section and validate this link


##Level 2: Amazon Elastic Compute cloud (EC2)
1. Firstly we have to download the user data that is provided by the website
2. Now we have to open the virtual lab
3. Now search EC2 in the AWS console search bar and launch its instance
4. Now put a name for the server.
5. Choose Amazon Linux 2 AMI (HVM)
6. In the network settings click edit and for VPC choose LabVpc
7. Choose the subnet
8. For Security group name, type: 
   Security-Group-Lab
    For Description, type: 
    HTTP Security Group
    For Type, choose HTTP
9. Click gp2
10. Click on advance details and choose the user data and review it.
11. Repeat this same process for creating an another server named server02
12. Now copy the links of both the servers01 and server02
13. Now DIY section and copy paste both the links and validate.


##Level 3: 
1. AWS console and search EC2
2. Now go to the instance bar and select AWS computing from the instance.
3. Now go the instance type and search for the files and select it
4. Now if we copy paste the instance ID in a new browser window we will get the amazon Ec2 status running window.
5. Now choose the connect button and it will redirect us into a new page
6. review all the infos and press the connect button in the EC2 instance connect
7. Now it will load up an another screen
8. Now by using Ls command we will get sample_app is already present.
9. Now from the instances go to the actions and instance setiings and choose edit user data
10. Choose edit user data and click cancel option.
11. Then we will stop the instance.
12. By stoping the instance we will not be able see the public IPV4 address
13. Now again take the instance state and choose start instance
14. Now take the change instance type and change it into m4.large.
15. Now again restart the instance state.
16. Now copy the instance ID and copy paste it into the validation form that is there in the DIY section.
